PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE: try to simplify call-for-review (#86110)
NixOS/nixpkgs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--

> We would appreciate your reviews of other PRs to help with the large amounts of
> pull request, especially simple package updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would appreciate your review of other Pull Requests, especially simple package updates,
to help distribute the burden.
```

Or something similar? It sounds weird to me to say "your reviews of other PRs to help with pull requests" -- either stick with the acronym, or don't (and the structure was just plain weird IMHO).

---

Also, related to the general structure: maybe it would be better to reflow this to fit 72-80 characters? I think it would look nicer, but if the current layout works fine for the `hub` use-case, feel free to disregard this.

Author: Fixed and reflowed.

comment describing what you have tested in the relevant package/service.
Reviewing helps to reduce the average time-to-merge for everyone. Thanks a lot
if you do!
List of open PRs: https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pulls

> Contributions documentation: https://hydra.nixos.org/job/nixpkgs/trunk/manual/latest/download/1/nixpkgs/manual.html#chap-reviewing-contributions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Guidelines for reviewing the contributions: https://hydra.nixos.org/job/nixpkgs/trunk/manual/latest/download/1/nixpkgs/manual.html#chap-reviewing-contributions
```

Reviewer: +1 (except I'd drop the "the" -> "Guidelines for reviewing contributions")

Reviewer 3: "Reviewing guidelines"?

Author: I took @FRidh suggestion.
